upwork signup experience

New user enters Fname, Lname and email then click next

on the next screen, the user is prompted choose password and then indicate whether is a hire manager or a 
freelancer
After choosing hire manager, the user is then lead to basic interview page where the user will have to answer 2 questions:
1. numer of employees in the company which include none -its just me
2. The department of the hire manager. This include the following:
Customer service or operations
Finance or Legal
Engineering or product management
Market or sales
Human resource
Other

3. What best describes your role at your company?
	Student or Intern
Individual Contributor or Developer
Sole Proprietor or Self-employed
Manager or Director
Vice-President or above

Then click start hiring button

then the user is taken to employers page with this key information on the landing page:
Welcome to upwork username
What kind of project do you have?
1. ongoing project
2.One time project
3. I am not sure

How many freelancers do you need to hire?
I only need one
I need more than one

The option above has preset defaults just incase the user choose nothing. 

Then the user click continue to post job and lands to post a job page

1. Choose job category and subcategory
2. Name job posting
3. Describe work to be done
4.Add attachments if any
5. Options to change the type of job - (One time, ongoing, not sure), what best describe your job? -
		fix a bug, install/integrate a software,develop website from scratch, create a landing page, other
		-How many freelancers do you need to hire for this job? (one, more than one)
-Where are you in the lifecycle of this project? -I have designs, I have specifications, N/A, I have an idea
-Are you experienced hiring for this type of work? (Yes,No)
Which are the two most important programming languages the freelancer should know? (optional)
Which software frameworks do you prefer to use? (optional)
Enter skills needed
How would you like to pay? (per hr, fixed price)
Desired Experience Level (entry level -> <20, intermediate -> 20-40, expert >40
How long do you expect this job to last?
What time commitment is required for this job? -30hrs/week, less 30hrs/week, I dont know


Do you want freelancers to find and apply to your job?
Freelancers using Upwork.com and public search engines can find this job.
Only Upwork users can find this job.
Only freelancers I have invited can find this job.
Add a few questions you'd like your candidates to answer when applying to your job.

Cover Letter
Ask applicants to write a cover letter introducing themselves.

Yes, require a cover lette


